Downstream-only patches (#5)
fedora-python/pull-request-review-guide: fedora-pr-review-guide.md

        When multiple patches are mereged together and you need to list more authors,
        you can add `Co-Authored-By: John Doe <john@doe.com>` to the commit message (multiple times).
      - Link to the upstream commits/PRs the patch is derived from.
  - If you create patches from scratch (e.g. to fix an issue)

>     - Patches should ideally be proposed upstream (and a link to the PR should be in the patch-related comment).

Author: Lat minute change, sorry about that.

```suggestion
    - Patches should ideally be proposed upstream (and a link to the PR should be in the spec).
```

This is easier and allows using the PR URL as the Patch definition.

Reviewer: +1
